
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit the README.Rmd file -->

# Lab report \#1

Follow the instructions posted at
<https://ds202-at-isu.github.io/labs.html> for the lab assignment. The
work is meant to be finished during the lab time, but you have time
until Monday evening to polish things.

Include your answers in this document (Rmd file). Make sure that it
knits properly (into the md file). Upload both the Rmd and the md file
to your repository.

All submissions to the github repo will be automatically uploaded for
grading once the due date is passed. Submit a link to your repository on
Canvas (only one submission per team) to signal to the instructors that
you are done with your submission.

This is a line from R studio

12.1 Already Completed. (Pre Req) 12.2 Created new Repo Successfully. At
first had trouble getting more than one person on a team but was quickly
resolved. 12.3 Easy to follow directions, linked successfully. 12.4
Having some problems with commiting the file. Running into the error
message “Author identity unknown.” 12.5 Simply back of the commit screen
and press the push button 12.6 Go back to github to see commits that
were made

Lab 1 Experiences: 12.1: Done previously 12.2: Done Previously 12.3:
Followed the steps given to link the RStudio with the GitHub repository
12.4: 12.4 Having some problems with commiting the file. Running into
the error message “Author identity unknown.”. We then had to update our
username and email on the RStudio for GitHub 12.5: We closed out of the
commit section and pushed to the main GitHub 12.6: Go back and refresh
GitHub to make sure everything worked

My Lab 1 Experience (Varun Yeduru):
12.1 Prerequisites: I confirmed completion of all prerequisite steps, including registration on GitHub, installation of R, RStudio, and Git, and successful push/pull verification.

12.2 Make a repo on GitHub: I created a new repository on GitHub, following the outlined steps for repository creation and copied the clone URL.

12.3 Clone the test GitHub repository to your computer via RStudio: I initiated a new RStudio Project using Version Control, pasted the GitHub repository URL, and successfully created the project.

This is line from R studio- Varun Yeduru

12.4 Make local changes, save, commit: I added a line to the README file in RStudio, saved it, and then clicked 'Commit' after typing a message in the commit box

12.5 Push your local changes online to GitHub: I clicked the "Push" button in RStudio to upload my changes to GitHub without any issues.

12.6 Confirm the local change propagated to the GitHub remote: After refreshing the GitHub page, I verified that the changes I made in RStudio.
